.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH JPILOT-DIAL 1 "january 15, 2003"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
jpilot-dial \- generates the dtmf tone signals used for telephone
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B jpilot-dial
.RI [ options ] " number" ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B jpilot-dial
command.
This manual page was written for the Debian distribution
because the original program does not have a manual page.
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics, 
.\" respectively.
\fBjpilot-dial\fP generates the dtmf tone signals used for telephone
dialing and by default sends the signals to the sound card.

It can be used for easy dialing, simply put the telephone
microphone near the compiter speaker and let the software
dial for you.

It is intended for dialing from within data base programs that
also store telephone numbers.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-\-tone\-time
milliseconds, default 100
.TP
.B \-\-silent\-time
milliseconds, default 50
.TP
.B \-\-sleep\-time
milliseconds, default 500
.TP
.B \-\-output\-dev
default 
.I /dev/dsp
.TP
.B \-\-use\-audio
default 1
.TP
.B \-\-bufsize
default 4096
.TP
.B \-\-speed
default 8000
.TP
.B \-\-bits
default 8
.TP
.B \-\-lv
default \- no change
.TP
.B \-\-rv
default \- no change
.TP
.B \-\-table\-size
default 256
.TP
.B \-\-volume
default 100
.TP
.B \-\-left
default 0
.TP
.B \-\-right
default 0
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR jpilot (1).
.br
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Ludovic Rousseau <rousseau@debian.org>,
for the Debian GNU/Linux system (but may be used by others).
